Lecturers - Khoa Công Nghệ Thông Tin - Trường Đại học Công Nghệ - Đại Học Quốc Gia Hà Nội - fit@vnu.edu.vn (024) 3 754 7064 Languages Introduction History Vision and Mission Board of Leaders Departments and laboratories Lecturers Contact Education Graduate programs Under-graduate programs Research Research directions Projects Technology products Scientific Journal Academic Partners # Cooperation Industrial Partners News For Student Outstanding Achievement Job vacancies Frequently Asked Questions Alumni Association Introduction Lecturers admin November 9 The Faculty of Information Technology currently has nearly 100 teaching and research staff, including 1 Full Professor, 16 Associate Professors and more than 50% of the staff with doctoral degrees who are well-trained at the prestigious universities and advanced research institutes from countries such as the US, Canada, Europe, Australia, Japan, Korea and Singapore. In which, many our staff are leading scientists, reputable in many research fields such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Bioinformatics, Software Testing, Data Mining and Big Data, Natural Language Processing, Image/Video Processing, Human-Machine Interaction, Information Security and Cybersecurity, Blockchain, IoTs… Apart from the permanent staff, our faculty has many part-time staff and a network of cooperation with many professors and scientists who are working at the world’s leading prestigious training and research institutions such as University of Oxford, University of Cambridge (United Kingdom), University of Texas at Austin, University of Florida (USA), University of Vienna (Austria), University of Technology Sydney, Australian National University, National Institute of Informatics , Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST), Tohoku University (Japan), Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Warsaw University of Technology (Poland), Singapore Management University (SMU). Full-time lecturers No. Fullname Email Department/ Lab 1 Prof. Nguyễn Thanh Thủy nguyenthanhthuy@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 2 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Hải Châu chaunh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 3 Assoc. Prof. Lê Thanh Hà ltha@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 4 Assoc. Prof. Phan Xuân Hiếu hieupx@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 5 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Ngọc Hóa hoa.nguyen@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 6 Assoc. Prof. Trương Anh Hoàng hoangta@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 7 Assoc. Prof. Hoàng Xuân Huấn huanhx@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 8 Assoc. Prof. Phạm Ngọc Hùng hungpn@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 9 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Hoài Sơn sonnh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 10 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Thị Nhật Thanh thanhntn@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 11 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Trí Thành ntthanh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 12 Assoc. Prof. Hà Quang Thụy thuyhq@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 13 Prof. Lê Sỹ Vinh vinhls@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 14 Dr. Đặng Cao Cường cuongdc@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 15 Dr. Tạ Việt Cường cuongtv@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 16 Dr. Ma Thị Châu chaumt@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 17 Dr. Trần Thị Minh Châu chauttm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 18 Dr. Nguyễn Thị Ngọc Diệp ngocdiep@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 19 Dr. Ngô Thị Duyên duyennt@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 20 Dr. Hoàng Thị Điệp diepht@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 21 Dr. Lê Phê Đô dolp@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 22 Dr. Đỗ Đức Đông dongdoduc@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 23 Dr. Đặng Thanh Hải hai.dang@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 24 Dr. Lê Hồng Hải hailh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 25 Dr. Dư Phương Hạnh hanhdp@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 26 Dr. Đặng Đức Hạnh hanhdd@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 27 Dr. Nguyễn Thị Hậu nguyenhau@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 28 Dr. Lê Quang Hiếu hieulq@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 29 Assoc.Prof. Trần Trọng Hiếu hieutt@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 30 Assoc. Prof. Võ Đình Hiếu hieuvd@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 31 Dr. Lê Thị Hợi hoi_le@vnu.edu.vn Security Laboratory 32 Dr. Tô Văn Khánh khanhtv@vnu.edu.vn Laboratory of Embedded Systems 33 Dr. Lê Minh Khôi khoilm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 34 Dr. Lê Nguyên Khôi khoi.n.le@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 35 Dr. Trần Quốc Long tqlong@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 36 Dr. Trần Trúc Mai mai.tran@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 37 Dr. Dương Lê Minh minhdl@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 38 Dr. Vũ Thị Hồng Nhạn vthnhan@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 39 Dr. Hoàng Xuân Tùng tunghx@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 40 Dr. Lê Đình Thanh thanhld@vnu.edu.vn Security Laboratory 41 Dr. Nguyễn Đại Thọ nguyendaitho@vnu.edu.vn Security Laboratory 42 Dr. Lê Đức Trọng trongld@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 43 Dr. Nguyễn Văn Vinh vinhnv@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 44 Dr. Trần Mai Vũ vutm@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 45 Dr. Nguyễn Đức Anh nguyenducanh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 46 Dr. Nguyễn Văn Sơn sonnguyen@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 47 Dr. Lê Khánh Trình trinhlk@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 48 Dr. Mẫn Đức Chức chucmd@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 49 MSc. Vũ Bá Duy duyvb@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 50 MSc. Ngô Lê Minh minhnl@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 51 MSc. Phạm Cẩm Ngọc ngocpc@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 52 MSc. Hồ Đắc Phương phuonghd@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 53 MSc. Lê Hoàng Quỳnh lhquynh@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 54 MSc. Nguyễn Việt Tân tannv@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 55 MSc. Nguyễn Thị Minh Thanh thanhntm@vnu.edu.vn Office administration 56 MSc. Nguyễn Minh Thuận thuannm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 57 MSc. Đào Minh Thư thudm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 58 MSc. Nguyễn Minh Trang trangnm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 59 Dr. Nguyễn Thu Trang trang.nguyen@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 60 MSc. Hoàng Thị Ngọc Trang tranghtn@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 61 MSc. Nguyễn Thị Cẩm Vân vanntc@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 62 Dr. Vương Thị Hải Yến yenvth@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 63 MSc. Cấn Duy Cát catcd@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 64 MSc. Phạm Thị Mai Bảo baoptm@vnu.edu.vn Office administration Junior lecturers No. Fullname Email Department/ Lab 1 BSc. Nguyễn Tuấn Anh tuananh.ng@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 2 BSc. Nguyễn Thanh Bình binh.nguyen@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 3 BSc. Nguyễn Hoàng Minh Công congnhm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 4 MSc. Trần Mạnh Cường tranmanhcuong@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 5 BSc. Phạm Tuấn Dũng dungpt98@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 6 BSc. Kiều Hải Đăng dangkh_uet@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 7 BSc. Trần Minh Đức ductranminh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 8 BSc. Nguyễn Văn Hoàn hoannv41@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 9 BSc. Ngô Minh Hoàng hoang.nm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 10 BSc. Vương Thị Hồng hongvt57@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 11 BSc. Nguyễn Thị Huyền huyennguyen.uet@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 12 BSc. Nguyễn Lan Hương lanhuong1491@vnu.edu.vn Office administration 13 BSc. Đỗ Minh Khá khadm@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 14 BSc. Hoàng Đăng Kiên kienhd1@vnu.edu.vn Security Laboratory 15 BSc. Nguyễn Tùng Lâm tunglam@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 16 BSc. Lê Phạm Văn Linh linhlpv@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 17 BSc. Nguyễn Đăng Bảo Long baolong.a1yh@gmail.com Department of Network and Computer Communications 18 BSc. Mai Thanh Minh thanhminh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 19 BSc. Nguyễn Quang Minh nqminh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 20 BSc. Nguyễn Văn Phi phinv@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 21 BSc. Nguyễn Ngọc Quỳnh nguyenngocquynh1997@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 22 BSc. Nguyễn Thành Sơn sonntuet@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 23 BSc. Nguyễn Ngọc Tiến tiennn@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 24 BSc. Nguyễn Đình Tuân ndinhtuan15@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 25 BSc. Ngô Kiên Tuấn tuanngokien@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 26 BSc. Nguyễn Minh Tuấn tuannm317@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 27 BSc. Lê Văn Thịnh lvthinh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 28 BSc. Đoàn Thị Hoài Thu doanthihoaithu@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 29 BSc. Lê Công Thương thuongle276@gmail.com Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 30 BSc. Nguyễn Thị Thu Trang trangttn@vnu.edu.vn Security Laboratory 31 BSc. Phạm Thị Quỳnh Trang trangptq@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory 32 BSc. Phạm Hoàng Quốc Việt vietphq@vnu.edu.vn Knowledge Technology and Data Science Laboratory Adjust lectures No. Fullname Email Department/ Lab 1 Assoc. Prof. Bùi Thế Duy duybt@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 2 Assoc. Prof. Phạm Bảo Sơn sonpb@vnu.edu.vn Human-Machine Interface Laboratory 3 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Việt Hà hanv@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 4 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Phương Thái thainp@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 5 Dr. Bùi Ngọc Thăng thangbn@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computer Science 6 Assoc. Prof. Trương Ninh Thuận thuantn@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering Former staffs No. Fullname Email Department/ Lab 1 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Ngọc Bình nnbinh2019@gmail.com Department of Software Engineering 2 Dr. Nguyễn Cảnh Hoàng hoangnc@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 3 Assoc. Prof. Hồ Sĩ Đàm damhshoabinh@gmail.com Department of Network and Computer Communications 4 MSc. Đào Kiến Quốc dkquoc@gmail.com Department of Software Engineering 5 MSc. Nguyễn Nam Hải hainn@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 6 Dr. Nguyễn Tuệ ntue@vnu.edu.vn Department of Information Systems 7 Dr. Đặng Hữu Thịnh thinhdh@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 8 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Đình Việt vietnd@vnu.edu.vn Laboratory of Embedded Systems 9 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Văn Vỵ vynv@vnu.edu.vn Department of Software Engineering 10 Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Quốc Toản toannq@vnu.edu.vn Department of Network and Computer Communications 11 Assoc. Prof. Lê Minh Khanh Department of Computer Science 12 Assoc. Prof. Đỗ Trung Tuấn tuandt2011@gmail.com Department of Information Systems 13 Assoc. Prof. Đinh Mạnh Tường Department of Computer Science 14 MSc. Nguyễn Quang Vinh vinhnq@vnu.edu.vn Department of Computational Science and Engineering 15 Dr. Nguyễn Văn Trung Department of Network and Computer Communications 16 Hoàng Thị Tố Linh Official Administration 17 Phạm Tuyết Mai Official Administration 18 Nguyễn Thị Xoan xoannt@vnu.edu.vn Official Administration Related articles FPT KHỞI ĐỘNG CHƯƠNG TRÌNH ƯƠM MẦM TÀI NĂNG CÔNG NGHỆ TRẺ MÙA #2 Department of Information Systems Board of Leaders Department of Computer Science Department of Computational Science and Engineering Department of Software Engineering © VNU-UET-Faculty of Information Technology. All rights reserved.