Frequently Asked Questions - Khoa Công Nghệ Thông Tin - Trường Đại học Công Nghệ - Đại Học Quốc Gia Hà Nội - fit@vnu.edu.vn (024) 3 754 7064 Languages Introduction History Vision and Mission Board of Leaders Departments and laboratories Lecturers Contact Education Graduate programs Under-graduate programs Research Research directions Projects Technology products Scientific Journal Academic Partners # Cooperation Industrial Partners News For Student Outstanding Achievement Job vacancies Frequently Asked Questions Alumni Association For learner Frequently Asked Questions admin November 9 Below are some of frequently asked questions that are received from students of IT Faculty. If you are a IT student and having questions about the curriculum, course registration, etc., you may take a look before asking your friends, academic advisors. Course Program-related Questions Question: I have a question: last semester, I took an elective subject named “Systems Programming” (3 credits). In this semester, I don’t see that subject in the elective list, but according to the consultant, I need to earn 12 elective credits. So do I need to study 3 subjects (9 credits) or 4 subjects (12 credits) more this term? Thank you. Answer: The elective subjects may vary from year to year. If you do not see the “System Programming” subject in this year, it does not mean that the course is no longer an elective, or it is not part of the curriculum. If you have studied and passed the course, it means you have accumulated 3 elective credits. Let you notice that there are about 12-15 elective subjects being taught annually while there are more than 30 different elective subjects in the training program. That’s reason why the elective list could be different for each academic year. Question: Are students of the honor program required to complete English in year 3? Answer: Please make sure that you earn the B2 standard before your graduation. This is not an easy challenge, so many of you might several attempts to achieve the goal. Therefore, you are suggested to finish it as soon as possible. Question: I checked on the school website, which mentions a joint training course on Java and Android between UET and Samsung for 2nd year students. The training is equivalent to a 3-credit course. I concern whether the IT faculty’s lecturers teach the course? Will the course be opened next term? If we enroll the course, will it contribute to the cumulative GPA? Answer: The Samsung’s training program organizes three courses in Java, Android and Tizen. Students will be notified via email once the course is launched. The teaching team includes both professors in the IT Faculty as well as experts from Samsung. Currently, there no exists an equivalent conversion for these courses as other courses of the IT Faculty’s training program, so they will not be counted in the GPA. Question: Is it possible to study more than 4 elective subject? And if I study more than 4 subjects, could I only take the scores of the four highest among my selections? Is the elective registration required to follow the orientation, for example, if you study the subject “Modern issues of software engineering”, my electives must also be related to software engineering? Could I study other subjects, e.g., “Data Mining”? Answer: In terms of subject registration, you can register for more than 4 subjects. However, please do not take other students’ opportunities. According to the current regulations, the results of the first 4 registered subjects will be taken if the score is from D or higher. Therefore, if you study more than 4 elective subjects, you should specify which subject is improved for. Your electives are not necessarily oriented as you mentioned, but you are recommended to study related subjects. Question: If I failed the prerequisite subject, can I register for other subjects that need the prerequisite? Answer: As a normal learning process, prerequisite subjects are always completed first. However, if a student fails a prerequisite subject, he may end up in a situation like you mentioned. The fact is that the Training Department has not yet checked whether the student has passed the prerequisite subject due to the short-time gap between the ending time of the current semester exam to the registration time for the next semester’s course. Hence, students can still register for dependent subjects. In many cases, students simultaneously study dependent subjects in the main semester and prerequisite subjects in the additional class. Question: What are the current curriculum frameworks of the Faculty of IT? Where can I find these documents? Answer: Currently, the Faculty of Information Technology has 4 majors: Computer Science, Information Technology, Communications and Computer Networks, and Information Systems. In which, the Computer Science major has 02 program frameworks, i.e., strategic mission and standard programs, while the IT major has 02 program frameworks including honor and standard programs. IS and CCN has only one training program framework, i.e., standard program. Overall, the faculty of Information Technology is managing 06 program frameworks, in which classes are named as the following rule: CA for the strategic-mission CS program, CAC for the standard CS program; CLC for the honor IT program, CB+CC+CD for the standard IT program; N for the CCN program and T for the IS program. You can contact your academic advisor to get detailed information. Course Registration-related Questions Question: I’m a student of the honor program but I cannot register for subject A of the honor program because the class is full, can I take one of the remaining A classes? Answer: In the framework of the honor program curriculum, if A is a ‘*’ subject, students of the honor program cannot study the same course in the standard system. They can register for a class of the strategic-mission program, otherwise, prepare an application requesting to be added into the class and submit to the Training Department. Question: I am a student of the honor program, I would like to ask what is a “Annual Research Project” (ARP) subject held in Sunday? If the number of required credits is limited to 25, so that does it include the annual research project and the summer internship? if I count these subjects, my total number of registered credits is 26. Answer: Count them all. The ARP, which is associated with the graduate thesis, is doing research, not studying in classes. The summer internship is a subject that you have almost completed, and more than one credit has no problems. The ARP must be completed in the first semester of your final year. It is considered the initial result of your graduate thesis. In September, the IT Faculty will assign topics and thesis advisors for students. Then you start doing it and submit your ARP report in December. Question: During the study period, a student registers more than the number of elective credits required by the framework, e.g., N credits, then when calculating the cumulative average point, will these subjects be included or N credits only? Answer: Just count required credits. But you should pay attention to register the subject in accordance with your professional aspirations, avoid unconsidered registration that takes the place of other students who really need to study. Question: I enrolled a standard IT class, I mistakenly registered for a subject of the honor class, could I keep it? Answer: If that subject is marked with the ‘*’ symbol in the curriculum framework of the honor program, you should cancel the current registration and re-register for the standard class. The reason is because that subject of the honor system is studied more advanced than the standard one. You can study if you do not want to cancel the registration. In principle, standard system students are allowed to take open classes for strategic-mission and honor programs, but they must take responsibility for their own learning results. Students have the first two weeks of the semester to have a trial and adjust their coursework. Question: I see in the schedule there are some subjects for the honor class, can students of the honor class register for other classes without the ‘*’ symbol? I would like to thank you! Answer: For subjects that are specified for honor classes, separated from standard classes, you must register for them. For the subjects without the ‘*’ symbol, e.g., electives, are open to all programs, you can register to study. Note that if the subject that you register is not in the honor program framework, it will not be counted in the cumulative GPA. Question: Is it necessary for students to register for the internship subject on the course registration page? Or is the registration only for students, who have not done a summer internship? Answer: You still need to register for the internship subject on the course registration page. The reason is for the school to manage the registration and collect course fees consistently. The important milestones of the subject are detailed in the first announcement around the end of May annually. You are suggested to read the announcement carefully instead of listening from other friends. Question: I cannot access the registration website during the online registration period, is my schedule set by default or nothing? Answer: Only the first year will be defaulted by class. In the following years, if you cannot register online due to technical reasons, you may register offline (application). But it not usually to the point of not being able to register online. Question: I have 2 questions about internship: 1. In the last summer, I could not do an internship, so could I apply for a specialized internship? 2. In this semester, will the IT faculty assign a specialized internship or do I have to take the initiative to register? Answer: 1. The specialized internship subject is only held in the summer. For students who do an internship at the company, this subject will end in September, for students who do research at the school, it will end in October. So, if you can’t do an internship during the summer, you have to wait until next summer. 2. The organization and important milestones of the subject are detailed in the first announcement of the subject around the end of May annually. You are suggested to read the announcement carefully instead of listening from other friends. Question: Does the school open evening classes of Calculus – Algebra and other subjects? Answer: About 4 weeks after the official term start, the school will open subsidiary classes for students, who failed exams or want to improve their grades. Next, the school will announce students via email. Question: I failed 1 PE subject, do I have to re-register for that subject? or can I register for another subject? Answer: You can register for another subject. You only need to study 4 credits, i.e., 4 physical education subjects, which must include the “Fundamentals of Physical Education” subject. Question: How to ask the Training Department to open a class ? Answer: – You gather and create a list of students who have the need to study the same subject. – Prepare an application to open a class and submit it with the list to the Training Department. – The Training Department will rely on the number of students and the urgency of the course for those students, before deciding whether to open the class. Question: I want to modify/cancel my registered courses, how do I do it? Answer: You have the first 2 weeks of the semester to adjust/add/cancel your registered courses. You need to prepare an application using the template provided by the Training Department Question: How do I register for subsidiary classes improve my grades? Answer: When you are registering for a course at the beginning of each term, you should specify which subjects are re-enrolled, or to improve your performance. Question: How can I register for additional courses of political theory? Answer: When the Training Department opened classes on political theory, you complete an application form and submit it to the Training Department. Other Questions Question: How to get scholarships? And what types of scholarships are available? Answer: Currently, the school has two main types of scholarships: the school’s scholarship and sponsored ones. The former is usually based on the GPA and training scores. The latter will depend on the sponsor’s conditions to award suitable students. Question: What are conditions for academic warnings? Answer: Conditions of academic warnings are described clearly in the academic handbook, which is issued to students in the first year. Question: How can I find previous years’ exam quizzes? Answer: You may join the school’s clubs to got helps from seniors. Question: What are credits, cumulative points, training points? How to calculate them? Answer: Credit is the quantity that determines the amount of knowledge and skills that students earn from 15 credit hours. If the subject has 3 credits, the student have to study for 45 credit hours including theory, practice, self-study depending on each subject. The training score is the basis for assessing the training quality of students during the training process. It is used for reviewing scholarships, rewards, exchanges and international student exchanges. It will be recorded on the academic transcript in the graduation record. The calculation of accumulated points is described clearly the academic handbook, which is issued to students in the first year. Question: How to see the scores of Physical Education subjects? Answer: You may contact the Training Department Question: How do I review the test? Answer: Currently, the training regulations only allow to re-enroll for subjects with grades of F or improving grades for subjects with grades of D and D+. Related articles Engineering Webinar: Behind the Scenes of Shopee Shopping App SAVVYCOM FRESHER WEB 2021 – AWAKEN YOUR CODER’S INSTINCT Alumni Association Outstanding Achievement © VNU-UET-Faculty of Information Technology. All rights reserved.