Department of Computational Science and Engineering - Khoa Công Nghệ Thông Tin - Trường Đại học Công Nghệ - Đại Học Quốc Gia Hà Nội - fit@vnu.edu.vn (024) 3 754 7064 Languages Introduction History Vision and Mission Board of Leaders Departments and laboratories Lecturers Contact Education Graduate programs Under-graduate programs Research Research directions Projects Technology products Scientific Journal Academic Partners # Cooperation Industrial Partners News For Student Outstanding Achievement Job vacancies Frequently Asked Questions Alumni Association Departments and laboratories Department of Computational Science and Engineering Department Computational Science Engineering December 8 The Department was previously known as the Department of Mathematical Methods in Technology (founded in 2003) until being renamed Computational Science & Engineering in December 2013. The Department of Computational Science and Engineering offers foundation courses in science and engineering such as fundamental mathematics (for students from all disciplines at the University of Engineering and Technology), Discrete Mathematics, Probability and Statistics, Optimization and Numerical Methods. Furthermore, the Department plays an important role in the selection and coaching of university students for Olympiad events such as the National Olympiad in Mathematics and the National Olympiad in Informatics. Faculty members of the Department are well-trained and specialized in a wide range of disciplines related to mathematical methods in technology; computational science and engineering; data mining; bioinformatics; cryptography and information security; online commerce systems; and large-scale computing methods and systems. The Department’s key research directions include “Bioinformatics (Computational Biology) – Genome Analysis,” particularly its applications to human health, “Security – Information Security,” and “Ecommerce systems and large-scale computer systems.” Faculty members and lecturers: – Assoc.Prof.Dr. Le Sy Vinh (Dean of the Faculty) – Dr. Le Phe Do – Dr. Dang Thanh Hai – Dr. Do Duc Dong – Dr. Dang Cao Cuong – Dr. Hoang Thi Diep – Dr. Ha Minh Hoang – MSc. Nguyen Minh Trang – BSc. Nguyen Thanh Son – BSc. Nguyen Thanh Binh Contact Address: 319 – E3 – 144 Xuan Thuy – Cau Giay – Hanoi Related articles Department of Information Systems Department of Computer Science Department of Software Engineering Department of Network and Computer Communications Data Science and Knowledge Technology Laboratory Human-Machine Interface Laboratory © VNU-UET-Faculty of Information Technology. All rights reserved.