Khoa Công Nghệ Thông Tin - Trường Đại học Công Nghệ - Đại Học Quốc Gia Hà Nội - fit@vnu.edu.vn (024) 3 754 7064 Languages Introduction History Vision and Mission Board of Leaders Departments and laboratories Lecturers Contact Education Graduate programs Under-graduate programs Research Research directions Projects Technology products Scientific Journal Academic Partners # Cooperation Industrial Partners News For Student Outstanding Achievement Job vacancies Frequently Asked Questions Alumni Association Departments and Labotories Department of Information Systems Department of Computer Science Department of Computational Science and Engineering Department of Software Engineering Department of Network and Computer Communications Data Science and Knowledge Technology Laboratory View all Introduction Overview Vision Mission Founded in 1995, the Faculty of IT has a tradition of more than 50 years of development since 1965 with specialized training in Computer Science at the Department of Mathematics and Mechanics of Hanoi University. With the efforts of all lecturers, generations of students, trainees and graduate students; under the close guidance, support and facilitation of the leaders of VNU and VNU, the Faculty of Information Technology today has achieved many outstanding achievements in training activities , fostering talents and scientific research approaching advanced levels in the region and the world. Learn more Become an excellent address for higher education, a new technology center, and be one of the top national and regional universities in IT training and research. Based on the goals and missions of the University of Technology, the Faculty of Information Technology contributes to these goals through: (a) Training and retraining of high-quality IT and Computer human resources at university and post-graduate levels; (b) Research, develop and apply advanced science and technology fields on the basis of promoting the strengths of Basic Science and Information Technology and Communications; (c) Pioneering access to regional and international higher education standards, making a positive contribution to the development of the country's economy and knowledge society. News FPT KHỞI ĐỘNG CHƯƠNG TRÌNH ƯƠM MẦM TÀI... FPT KHỞI ĐỘNG CHƯƠNG TRÌNH ƯƠM MẦM TÀI NĂNG CÔNG NGHỆ TRẺ MÙA #2 ——— ĐĂNG KÝ NGAY: https://fptsmartcloud.vn/Young-Talent-2025... Wed Mar 26 Slide 1_en Tue Dec 28 Engineering Webinar: Behind the Scenes of Shopee Shopping... Tue Dec 7 SAVVYCOM FRESHER WEB 2021 – AWAKEN YOUR CODER’S... Tue Dec 7 Read more Cooperation Partners © VNU-UET-Faculty of Information Technology. All rights reserved.