Department of Computer Science - Khoa Công Nghệ Thông Tin - Trường Đại học Công Nghệ - Đại Học Quốc Gia Hà Nội - fit@vnu.edu.vn (024) 3 754 7064 Languages Introduction History Vision and Mission Board of Leaders Departments and laboratories Lecturers Contact Education Graduate programs Under-graduate programs Research Research directions Projects Technology products Scientific Journal Academic Partners # Cooperation Industrial Partners News For Student Outstanding Achievement Job vacancies Frequently Asked Questions Alumni Association Departments and laboratories Department of Computer Science Department of Computer Science December 9 Department of Computer Science, established in 1995, is an experienced team in teaching, scientific research as well as system development. The department has 1 Professor, 2 Associate Professors, 8 doctorates, 3 masters and many bachelors who graduated with honor. The department also has strong collaboration with advanced institutes and universities abroad. Many professors in these institutes are adjunct professors in the department: Prof. Ho Tu Bao, Assoc. Prof. Huynh Van Nam, Assoc. Prof. Nguyen Le Minh, Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, GS. Thai Tra My, University of Florida, Assoc. Prof. Nguyen Xuan Long University of Michigan, USA. The Department of Computer Science are responsible for basic and intensive training in Programming, Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. The department has a strategic focus on the main research directions, which are “Statistical and Applied Machine Learning” and “Natural Language Processing”. Currently, the Department of Computer Science has multiple national projects to develop future applications in speech/language processing and image processing. Lecturers of the Department: – Dr. Trần Quốc Long (Head) – Prof. Nguyễn Thanh Thủy (Head of the Laboratory on Artificial Intelligence) – Assoc. Prof. Hoàng Xuân Huấn – Assoc. Prof. Nguyễn Phương Thái – Dr. Lê Quang Hiếu – Dr. Lê Nguyên Khôi – Dr. Phạm Hồng Thái – Dr. Nguyễn Thị Ngọc Diệp – Dr. Trần Thị Minh Châu – Dr. Bùi Ngọc Thăng – Dr. Nguyễn Văn Vinh – MSc. Hoàng Thị Ngọc Trang – MSc. Lê Minh Khôi – MSc. Nguyễn Minh Thuận – BSc. Nguyễn Văn Phi – BSc. Nguyễn Đình Tuân – BSc. Nguyễn Minh Tuấn – BSc. Lê Phạm Văn Linh – BSc. Trần Minh Đức – BSc. Nguyễn Tuấn Anh – BSc. Nguyễn Hoàng Quân – BSc. Nguyễn Hoàng Minh Công – BSc. Đỗ Minh Khá Contact: Address: 315 – E3 – 144 Xuan Thuy – Cau Giay – Hanoi Phone: 84 24 3754 7812 Related articles Department of Information Systems Department of Computational Science and Engineering Department of Software Engineering Department of Network and Computer Communications Data Science and Knowledge Technology Laboratory Human-Machine Interface Laboratory © VNU-UET-Faculty of Information Technology. All rights reserved.