Research Archives - Khoa Công Nghệ Thông Tin - Trường Đại học Công Nghệ - Đại Học Quốc Gia Hà Nội - fit@vnu.edu.vn (024) 3 754 7064 Languages Introduction History Vision and Mission Board of Leaders Departments and laboratories Lecturers Contact Education Graduate programs Under-graduate programs Research Research directions Projects Technology products Scientific Journal Academic Partners # Cooperation Industrial Partners News For Student Outstanding Achievement Job vacancies Frequently Asked Questions Alumni Association Research Academic Partners admin December 15 Read more Scientific Journal admin December 7 The Faculty of Information Technology is the unit in charge of Information Technology and Communication Journal of Science Magazine, VNU. This is one of the reputable journals in the field of IT and communications of the country. The journal publishes 4 issues a year and in English. Projects published in journals often cover topics such […] Read more Research directions admin December 7 UET-FIT has a large number of professors, associate professors and doctors, who graduated from many famous universities and institutes in the US, Europe, Japan, Australia, South Korea,… They are very innovative in perceiving new research problems and technology trends. UET-FIT’s research interests cover almost all of aspects about information technology. UET-FIT has about 80 papers […] Read more Technology products admin December 1 Research-oriented to apply in practice, IT faculty lecturers are increasingly creating more technology products. Below are some our science and technology products: – Support system for spell checking and DOIT copying detection – Support system for design and automatic reporting – Virtual assistant for Vietnamese – VAV – Group conversation system on mobile devices and […] Read more Projects admin December 1 Every year, Faculty of Information Technology carries out a large number projects from different levels. The list of the typical projects implemented recently is as follows: – VNU-SMM: Automated online social media data analysis system for management and decision support in economy, politics, education and society – Building a model of amino acid variation from […] Read more © VNU-UET-Faculty of Information Technology. All rights reserved.